slimming fashions for women who would
wish that they were a few pounds thinner
don't clutter yourself up there's a real
tendency for all of us if we're feeling
a little overweight to cover ourselves
up that sort of feeling of you're hiding
and sometimes if you wear a little less
or you don't cover up quite as much and
you keep a little bit simpler and a
little more fluid you can look five ten
pounds thinner right there right then
keep the layering soft and try not to
cut yourself across the middle if you're
gonna wear a print fantastic but make
sure that it's long and it's fluid and
again you know don't automatically just
live in black the thing is to elongates
yourself if the over layer is one color
keep the under layer solidly all the way
through so the top and say the pants or
the skirt or one color then maybe the
jackets another or maybe the scarf is
another also try not to work in fabrics
that are too heavy I know if it's a cold
climate you want a good overcoat
terrific but there are wonderful fabrics
out there now which are warm and are
durable that aren't thick thick thick
thick tweeds
so keep it soft keep it fluid and also
remember that sometimes just sometimes
if you wear something that's a little
bigger and gives you a little bit of
wiggle room and then you tailor it in
where you need to say through the wrist
or under the arm well through the
shoulders it can actually be more
slimming if something grazes the surface
rather than binding you in sometimes
depending on the cut it can be a more
slimming line so try those things and
don't always go out and go to what's
tried-and-true take yourselves out a sec
okay
go to the store and try on things that
you wouldn't normally try on because you
will find that occasionally there'll be
some new look out there you haven't
thought of don't get stuck in a rut